Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
♪My heart shattered,
withered into pieces♪
♪Yet I still can't find a trace of you♪
♪Like a whale drowning in the cracks
of the deep sea♪
♪Thinking of you,
I lose myself completely♪
♪My heart shattered,
withered into pieces♪
♪Humbly, I still long to search for you♪
♪Screaming as I fall
into the darkest abyss♪
♪Echoing back is only the tide
of loneliness♪
♪Overestimating myself♪
=Marry Him in Her Place=
=Episode 18=
Awake?
Come up and sleep.
It's fine, I can manage.
You're still injured,
and the floor is cold.
How's it outside?
Once it's daylight, if the dock
can send boats, we'll leave.
Lin Yun, have you thought about it?
After we leave Rong City,
where do you want to go?
Wherever you want to go, we'll go.
I want to...
I want to find a small village
with mountains and rivers.
Mountains full of camellias,
and raise a flock of chickens.
You collect the eggs.
Sure.
Then we catch a stray cat
to steal your blanket.
Who will cook?
Of course, you will.
Then what will you do?
Me?
Sit in the courtyard,
legs crossed,
bask in the sun,
and wait for you to feed me.
In your dreams.
Lin Yun,
can we really escape?
It's all my fault that you're involved.
Fool, how could I ever blame you?
Have you ever thought
the first time I met you at the tailor shop,
you glanced back and smiled,
and it already reached my heart?
No matter what you become,
I've always loved you.
Liang Yi.
Stick close to me.
Stop!
Have you seen this person?
Move.
Don't worry, I've arranged everything.
You three, what are you doing?
The boss is being targeted. Go quickly.
Here.
Who are you?
Stop! Don't run!
Suspect spotted. Full pursuit!
Stop!
Quick, that way.
(Flying Wheel Brand Hinge)
What's happening?
The police seized the boat.
They're coming here.
You betrayed us?
Not me.
I wouldn't dare.
If not you, then who?
Wang Wu, it's you!
How dare you betray us?
What exactly did they offer you?
Boss, just listen to me.
You should surrender.
Perhaps
Mayor Song might let you leave
in one piece.
Boss!
Boss, move!
Liu Xiu!
Boss!
Brother, I've followed you all my life.
Always nagged at you.
Now, no one is nagging you anymore.
You must take good care of yourself.
From now on,
I won't be able
to help you on revenge matters anymore.
Boss!
If anyone harms my boss,
I'll protect him with my life.
Boss!
Boss.
Liu Xiu!
Lin Yun has been shot, he can't get far.
Issue an order! Effective immediately,
all hospitals in Rong City
stop selling penicillin.
Yes.
I don't believe Lin Yun's body
is made of iron.
The bullet is still inside.
We need to get it out immediately.
It's okay. Don't panic.
♪Awakened by the rain on the silent sea♪
♪I hear my heartbeat roaring in sorrow♪
The bullet's too deep.
I can't locate the bullet head
right away.
♪I was abandoned♪
You can do it.
I believe in you.
♪Cold eyes♪
♪Searching for traces of light
in the dark♪
Heat the knife over fire
to disinfect it.
♪Learning to fade from the crowd♪
Do it.
♪The endless dark clouds♪
♪I miss you so much♪
♪Longing for an echo of salvation♪
♪Yet no one responds♪
♪My heart shattered,
withered into pieces♪
Does it hurt?
No.
Here.
♪Yet I still can't find a trace of you♪
A little deeper.
♪Like a whale drowning in the cracks
of the deep sea♪
♪Thinking of you,
I lose myself completely♪
Found it.
Take it out.
♪My heart shattered,
withered into pieces♪
♪Humbly, I still long to search for you♪
♪Screaming as I fall
into the darkest abyss♪
♪Echoing back is only the tide
of loneliness♪
Scared you, didn't it?
♪Overestimating myself♪
It's not my first time getting hurt.
I've had way worse injuries before.
But this is
your first time taking out a bullet,
and you're already this good.
You're talented.
You can help me take them out
from now on.
What nonsense.
There won't be a "next time".
I'm teasing you.
You're someone who isn't
even afraid to face a gun muzzle.
Why are you so nervous
when it comes to me?
I...
Seeing you this nervous,
yet you keep acting tough.
It's all my fault.
Don't blame yourself.
Lin Yun.
How could the leader of Chengyun Society
just collapse like that?
Didn't you survive 17 stabs back then?
How can you be this weak now?
Aren't you supposed to be the most
formidable man in Rong City?
If you don't wake up,
our deal ends right here.
Still not waking up?
If you still don't wake up, I'm leaving.
♪Between the lines of words♪
♪Telling fragments of love and sorrow♪
♪Sun, moon, and stars♪
♪Speak not, for it is longing♪
I'm really leaving.
♪Loneliness sealed in dust♪
♪The longer it stays,
the deeper it grows♪
♪Seeing through all worldly things♪
♪All sorrow fades into nothingness♪
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
Didn't you say there's not
a single good man in this world?
Then why are you so good to me?
I'm sorry.
♪Nowhere to hide♪
♪Loveless, yet fearing too much feeling♪
Didn't you promise to protect me
for a lifetime?
You can't go back on your word.
As long as you wake up,
I won't argue with you anymore.
I won't fight with you again.
Please wake up, okay?
I'm begging you.
Lin Yun, please wake up.
I don't want anything anymore.
I'm begging you.
Wake up, Lin Yun.
Wake up.
I'm begging you, Lin Yun.
I'm begging you.
Wake up.
I'm begging you, Lin Yun.
Wake up, Lin Yun.
♪Holding tight to what's not yours♪
♪Letting go of what wouldn't leave♪
♪All is just a single thought♪
♪Raise the big screen,
start your pretentious performance♪
♪The most foolish gambler♪
♪Would treat love as prey,
caring nothing♪
♪You pretend to be innocent,
yet the red wounds are vivid in my mind♪
♪Such a hypocritical gift♪
♪Victory is revealed too quickly♪
♪I treated you as my salvation♪
♪You treated me as a toy♪
♪And we both fall
into endless loneliness♪
♪I loved too deeply♪
♪Your methods are too cruel♪
♪Once devotion is desecrated,
only waiting for your disgrace♪
♪I treated you as my salvation♪
♪You treated me as a toy♪
♪And we both fall
into endless loneliness♪
♪I loved too deeply♪
♪Your methods are too cruel♪
♪Once devotion is desecrated,
only waiting for your disgrace♪
♪Curtain call♪